[Music]
Selin mentioned that there are people
contacting female streamers with the
proposal of writing a book about the
difficulties of being a woman in the
streaming world, however she decided to
reject that offer. Triso Chir x25 Hello
cpe When you upload content to
Skiwi? Where to Skiwi, I don't know what that is,
man, or to Kiwi, can you now upload
Kiwi content? [ __ ], I've seen around here that I've
received tweets that it was possible and
I clicked on the App Store but it does
n't appear to me, no. I mean, I can't
download the app, let's see, I'm going to
try, it doesn't appear for me yet, eh. Because
there are people who have it, it doesn't appear for me. It
's not that they're talking to me To release a book
about talking about whatever I want. No, they do
n't want me to talk. They want me to release
a book about talking about what it's like to be a female
streamer and how difficult the world of
women is. On Twitter, there are people who have
put it to me. Oh, I don't see it. Here are people who
had written to me. No, if they see this, I'm
100% sure it's Bissy. Do you remember
this character?  from bissy before we
nominated an anime doll than a
woman than a woman than a woman you don't
understand the anime doll is also a
man a month being a woman
only she writes titles like how
hard it is to be a woman Gamer and H
written a book about how hard it is to be
a woman no but I don't think that I don't
think that or rather This girl This girl is very
ridiculous the truth is we have direct eh And there will
be Everyone here at the salsería about
this chick em but no I don't understand that on
Selin's part what I understand is that they
are offering her to write a
book Marina amores is not the Ah no
Marina Marina amores is her name is
Marina eh I understand that they have
offered her to write a book another
book I mean no no what do you know I mean not to
participate among her latest beauties
because there is no female streamer
nominated no but I think that I think that
what they have offered her is well any
publisher that has that
wants to release progr or feminist content
or whatever, well they offer her the subject that
she writes it you know  a
selling book talking about how difficult it is to
be a girl Gamer that piss to
release a book about talking about whatever I want no they don't
want me to talk they want me to
release a book about talking about what it's like to be a
female streamer and how difficult the
world of women is in t do you really
think that I was going to start writing
that I mean do you want them to write a book
about how difficult it is and the insane
things that I have suffered during these
years for being a woman obviously I'm not going to
do it but man I mean I don't
understand no I'm not going to do it I mean no I'm not
going to do it for me the best
streamer in Spain is canecro canecro it's
an outrage In fact I don't know why
canecro hasn't won the slam for
career of the year, I mean it's been won by
people I don't understand canecro has been
here for 50 years he's alone canecro hasn't won anything
because he hasn't been nominated you know why they
nominated him for canecro because he doesn't
have an army of 50 tiktok rat children
and like in the  San if you don't have an
army of 50,000 tiktok rat children
campaigning for you, they don't
put you in the esland And that's not how it should be I
mean if you're a good streamer you
should be nominated not by Whoever
has the most rat children on the internet that's not how it
should be by the way this year there
's no sl no let's see ask
Gema how difficult it is but let's see
Why do they criticize the hlam votes I
mean I criticize the
hlam votes when there's a fix but when
when it's by Oh it's that he has more children
who vote no but let's see but if it's
content that is from gref which by the
way I envy ages the other day the
video he made with David viale I mean he
put me they cut my arm and atrophied
a finger criminals don't
care about the lives of others welcome
to the atam Spanish my mother uncle my mother
well don't see Eh well don't see I almost
prefer that Pedro Sánchez steal from me it's being
[ __ ] organizing mother  mia how
annoying Oh there's no rewine either, damn it's just that
last year's rewin was a little
weird eh the thing with gref shooting gemita It's that
I'll never erase that scene
from my head eh it's confirmed that there will be
no ran this year it's
confirmed that I mean last year's ru
was weird eh it was very weird eh Let's see
well it had a lot of dislike I didn't
see it either so so so so so bad no I mean so so so so so so so
bad I mean yeah you don't
know what happened to me it's
outrageous that they start asking for those
outrageous amounts of money rewind Hey I did
realize like a month and a half ago there's
no rewind this year no there's not going to be one
Apparently eh Someone
would have said something crazy but don't you think
it's like a role they're playing to
mislead don't you think it's
like a role to mislead the stick Uy
someone would have said something I don't think
they're not that smart I don't know It hasn't been the worst
of all How hard it is to stay without daras
eh Javi Well yes Mark  but above all what is
no longer is to remain as such but
above all my heart Mark but Mark you
have written it seven times calm down Mark
Mark calm down they do it behind your back
Javi so we don't go out to see each other I think no no the
truth I would have gone I'm going to
do a Dallas clip Mark I'm going to
be a Dallas clip I think we
would have I think we would have
known eh I think that at least I would have
found out about something eh I think we
would have found out about something
someone always leaks something they screw up you know I don't know let's
see it's that we are on December 11
[Music]